Captioning sponsored by
MacNEIL/LEHRER PRODUCTIONS
>> Woodruff: A RETIRED F.B.I.
AGENT VANISHED IN IRAN,
REPORTEDLY PART OF A SECRET-
UNAUTHORIZED MISSION FOR THE
C.I.A. IN ONE OF THE MOST
SERIOUS SCANDALS FOR THE SPY
AGENCY IN YEARS.
GOOD EVENING, I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
ALSO AHEAD, OUR SERIES WITH
LAWMAKERS ON REFORMING
GOVERNMENT SURVEILLANCE.
TONIGHT, MARGARET WARNER TALKS
TO ONE OF THE LEADING CRITICS IN
THE SENATE, OREGON DEMOCRAT RON
WYDEN.
>> THOSE TECHNOLOGICAL
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED A MEASURE
OF PRIVACY FOR AMERICANS.
NOW, WITH ESSENTIALLY NO
TECHNOLOGICAL LIMITATIONS, THE
TECHNOLOGY CAN DO PRACTICALLY
ANYTHING.
>> Woodruff: AND IT'S FRIDAY.
MARK SHIELDS AND MICHAEL GERSON
ARE HERE TO ANALYZE THE WEEK'S
NEWS.
THOSE ARE JUST SOME OF THE
STORIES WE'RE COVERING ON
TONIGHT'S "PBS NEWSHOUR."